Macallyster S. Edmondson - ECE 351 - Lab #0 Deliverables - 01/25/2022

Section Summaries:

Part I:
	For this section, I read a short summary of what Spyder IDE is and got familair with its documentation. I chose not to run the instructional videos at this time, but they may come in handy later. 
	
Part II:
	This section dove into different packages and data types we will be using frequently throughout the semester. From basic arethmatic to complex numbers to making plots using Python were all covered in this section. This section will likely be a useful reference for the first few labs until I am getting used to Python.
	
Part III:
	The purpose of this section was to introduce and familiarize us with "pep8 coding practices". The document covers the highlights of the practice in 6 bullet points, such as variable naming conventions, spacing for indentation, line wrapping and more. Additionally, linked in the document is a more comprehensive guide to the "pep8 coding practices" for reference.
	
Part IV:
	This section covers the use of LATEX. This covered looking at the LATEX cheat sheets provided in Canvas and picking out a template that we would like to use for the rest of the semetser. Additionally, it reccomends looking into more depth for specific functions for use in code (syntax, use cases...).


Qustions:

1. Overall, I'm not sure what class I am most excited for throughout my degree. I feel like I learn about new fields each semester that I become interested in and want to then take a class related to it. Currently, I am most excited for ECE440 which I am currently enrolled in. I became interested in taking the course b/c my favorite course so far has been ECE240. Digital design has so been my largest ECE interest so far.

2. I beleive all expectations of this lab have been very clear so far. With you (Kate), reading over the syllabus during our first lab session and reading the syllabus myself has made expectations for the course very clear. Additionally, the lab files we have read off of so far have been very clear in the expectation of deliverables.
